Yeah. They knew it. I didn't know they had though, but then like
I don't know, is there like a book on the language of Elvish or something?
like how do they like I've only like seen like
It's like the end of Lord of the Rings book, there's like some parts of it.
yeah but like, like what's like the actual language look like?
Yes. If you could learn Elvish, you could use that secret kind of code, but then if you're the only one who knows it, then
That's a bit confusing. Honestly, somehow me and another elf.
Wait, wait, Game of Thrones? Oh, Game of Thrones, they made one?
Oh, they make, they make like, out of Elvish?
Alright. Okay. Oh...
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah it's a little off-topic, but Star Wars also have that kind of language, but then
like... It's just letters.
Huh.
But... Yeah, but then they never....
Yeah.
Yeah, that's kind of it, yeah, but anyway.
Um...
Maybe four. Four? Yeah, I like it.
Four. Four is good.
Original film.
Yeah, yeah. There are lot of like, there are a lot of strange trilogies like
but then i kind of like the middle of the i kind of like two towers.
in the movie. Well I, I don't know. I kind of like Return of the King but then
um you already want to watch
um, fellowships, so in the end we always go to two towers. So I guess that's the one.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh...
Oh, that's good.
Wait, like the kids in your class?
Aah.
I mean but yeah.
But then, If I ever, If I get into a book, a good book, which I am,
don't usually get into, maybe I come by. Well, maybe a lot, but like,
like usually I like read into like far into the night and then read until the end.
like again, it's an interesting book.
I guess in the end like kind of like mystery type.
In the end like in the end like if you like
Around everything I've read together, it's kind of mystery kind are my favorites.
Yeah.
Yeah, those are kinda like... I guess I kinda like those.
Kind of like histo, like a historical fiction.
It's real but it's not.
well so far i've been reading mostly from like um
Like a ancient Middle East.
Favorite. Yeah, I kind of like that.
Something like the... I I only been, I've only been reading the good books.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. That only once.
Yeah. I usually try to um, but yeah, I got kinda, maybe twice.
Yeah, but like I can't really help reading until the end.
Yeah.
Wait, what was the message of the book? I never read...
Oh okay, that...
Aah...
Yeah. But then back to Lord of the rings. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So... Which is film um, um, I guess I...
Um... Which is your favorite character from Fellowship?
Yeah, I guess.